n6 - IDE design  v0.0.1
========================

## Settings
* A workspace is a set of projects listed in a *.n6 file. A bit like a Visual Studio *.sln file. 
* A project is a *.n6proj file. n6proj files point to either a *.cabal file or a *.nix file which contains the project build settings.
* The n6 IDE may edit cabal files to a limited extent, .cabal files with conditional statements must be edited manully. And those commands that would be available when using non-conditional .cabal files will be greyed/disabled.  The IDE will automatically watch these files for changes and render them in the IDE.  Nix files must be edited manually.
* IDE settings will be written to *.n6 and *.n6proj files.  These settings may mask *.cabal or *.nix file settings. And will include custom build methods or launchers.
* Global IDE settings on the local PC will be saved to a user specified folder.  This will allow the folder to be easily push/cloned with git. The folder location will be specified in a .n6 folder in the user's home directory.  Eventually settings may be cloned/pushed directly with git.
* if any settings overlap then .n6 settings override global settings and .n6proj settings override .n6

## Notebook
* Source files will time-out and the tab will close if you have not used them recently.
* There will be two rows of tabs, one above the notebook and one under it!  The top tabs will be for source files of the current package, while the bottom tabs will be for reference source code not contained in the workspace. 

## Workspace browser
* .cabal files may contain 0-1 libraries and 0-many executables, libraries and executables may share dependencies or not and they may share modules or not.
* The workspace browser will show the workspace at the root, with child projects. Each child project will contain any markdown files, followed by child folders, Outputs, Dependencies, and Data. It will then list .cabal and .nix files, followed by folders and modules. Empty module folders will be concatenated in the hierarchy. All modules and dependencies (of the libraries and executables for that cabal file) will be listed unless an output filter is applied. The outputs folder lists the library and executables contained in the .cabal file. If one selects and right-clicks one (or many) of these outputs you may choose to filter on the output.  This will cause the output folder to be hidden and modules/dependencies not required for that output will be hidden.  The project icon or text color will change to indicate it is being filtered and a new project context menu will appear to remove the filtering.
* Dependency source code is browsable in the workspace browser, with exposed modules identified via a different icon.
* Right click on workspace or project to open in os-specific file browser.
* Right click to add module or rename module.
* Items in the workspace browser should not be editable within the browser.  Instead use menu items to display dialogs for renaming.

## Navigation
* one may alt-up (or F3) to go to a highlighted function or module. And then one may hit alt-left and alt-right to navigate between files.
* shift-left and shift-right will navigate between historical positions in the current file.
* ctrl-left and ctrl-right will navigate between errors.

## Launchers and Launching Executables
* launchers will be selected from a dropdown toolbar, eclipse style. Some launchers will be autogenerated by the projects. Autogenerated launchers may be cloned and edited, but the autogened launcher cannot be edited directly.

## Searching will be hotkey based. 
* If you open the toolbar and choose Edit -> Find it will NOT open the find window!  Instead it will open a window that lists the hotkeys to open the appropriate search window.  Searching is such a common task one should use hotkeys for it.
* Searching will open popup windows that close when you are done and NOT tabs.
* Hoogle will not be integrated, but a hotkey will open it in your browser.

## Options menu
* The options menu will be indexed and searchable much like the eclipse options menu.  But it will read and save from a specified folder This folder can then be pushed to the git repository.  Eventually it will read/save/push directly to a git repository.

## New Projects menu
* Choose Cabal or Nix project
* Or choose example projects for working with wxHaskell and reactive-banana-wx
* choose example Nix game projects

## Errors list

## Log


## All Nix related work will be delayed until a future release.